I don't know what happiness you just got
cheese like I'm just trying to spectate
the 1v1 but then shifters just like I'm
just gonna hook you and I just I call
for well we are done with the show match
here at the NA LCS finals 2018 with
coverage presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by two of the
competitors contracts in Matt how are
you guys feeling about that match I'm
just I feel really bad for letting Tyler
down yeah yeah he was really really sad
now you you played off roll you seeded
your your main role to freak well why
was that what was the strategy there I
think freak was a little bit more
comfortable in support so I went to go
mid I think it was like first time
leblanc at least it like after we work
that was my first time along so I felt
like I did an okay performance but still
it wasn't out enough and yes I'm very
sorry for Tyler he actually showed me a
little bit in the hallway and kind of
knocked me over but you know I'm fine
did you report that behavior afterwards
no that's okay I know yeah I'm surprised
it was a first time leblanc you actually
you were popping off it was literally
the first time you'd played that
champion since rework probably the last
time I remember playing will Blanc was
when I solo killed faker okay in Korea
two years ago really yes crazy whatever
anyway moving on what was this event
been like for you guys because I know
you're you're a huge Warriors fan and
you like anime so what's a bit like
being in in or Oakland and sort of in
the Bay Area and the arena where the
Warriors play well I lived thirty
minutes away from here so being the bag
and just feels nice it feels nice to be
back home I haven't visited in like
probably over like a year so yeah it's
just nice to be back home kind of
chillin I didn't actually expect to play
in this show match before I came here it
kind of just just happened so it was
really fun so you think you have to play
on the beam stay
yeah definitely was not planning to play
on stage but it's nice we could how
about you man how it what was it like
for you being on stage just now well
I've actually been fortunate enough you
know working for basically the Warriors
we get a bunch of free tickets come up
here and you know I've even like got my
dad to come out here and all the games
like I get to watch like Steph Korea
like the whole stadium just erupts you
know and it's kind of the same thing
that we experience today you know a lot
of the you know League fans cheering for
their favorite teams like it's so
surreal to see all these people in this
arena and getting it so loud and yeah
being on stage they even cheering pretty
loud for us so I was really fun I have
not had the pleasure of meeting Tyler
one yet I know obviously when you guys
are looking at him you know you're kind
of looking up like this to have the
conversation so I'm sure he's an
imposing figure what what was it like
sort of interacting with him and playing
with him well for the first time in my
life I actually had to look down I'm
like I'm like five or I mean I'm six
seven and he's six five so it's kind of
surprising but yeah I mean I guess
people are that short but yeah that's a
struggle how about you um you know from
soloqueue and all those interactions I
would have expected him to be a little
bit more aggressive personality but you
know Real Talk is actually pretty nice
guy you know actually I liked hang out
with Tyler or hang out backstage and
yeah I mean he's really cool good was it
tough losing to the stream team you know
I'm pretty sure we had it after that
level should have should have been over
Matt what happened you know if you just
rewind the tape you can actually
pinpoint the moment we lost was in that
rift held play when we're trying to 1v1
just it just collapsed you know we were
just dying and it was very sad a novel
ease interview with shifter he wasn't
claiming that like you guys there was
like a gentlemen's agreement because he
did like I forget what it was he like he
moated or you emote it or say he as if
that was the plan I don't know what
happened I actually just got cheese like
I'm just trying to spectate the 1v1 but
then shift is just like I'm just gonna
hook you and I just I called for I think
we realized who the real toxic person is
any shouts any things that you guys
would say it to many of those folks out
there
thanks for watching the showcase
mattress be fun and thanks for
supporting golden Guardians yes I'm here
I feel like there's a small fan base out
there you know even smaller for Matt
fans and I really appreciate you guys
and it's it's been really fun even
though I've been kind of on the bottom
of the league standings for a while it's
so I mean a crazy adventure I love it
every minute well I want to thank you
guys so much for this earlier the today
I have to say I gained a little bit of
hostility towards golden Guardians there
was supposed to be free boba and then
the boba ran out very quickly into the
tailgate and I did not get any so I hope
that changes tomorrow can you guys is
there any way that you guys could talk
to somebody internally make sure that
doesn't happen again
I can personally address this and once
we get back to LA I can treat you to
boba myself personally on my own card
you just drive that to my apartment I'm
not worried okay well I tried for myself
I probably I buy you one but then I just
on the way towards your house or
something I just drink it probably well
thank you guys so much for the interview
I hope you had a good time on estate it
sounds like you did for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hope you
enjoyed the interview we're all done now
at finals gauntlets coming up super hype
I want to thank Tom nice leche so much
for their support of the content that
I've been making throughout this whole
year including the smiles it's so great
thank you for your support please sub to
the YouTube channel if you haven't
because they know a lot of you have and
I think half of you haven't watching
this video based off some stats that
I've seen you can follow me on Twitch
all that stuff is in the description
again thanks so much to all me flash and
thanks for watching